[CN-1354]: fix tutorial and adapt to truststore changes (#10)
hazelcast-guides/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/hazelcast-platform-operator-tls.adoc

+
[source, shell]
----
kubectl create secret generic example \
  --from-file=tls.crt=example.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=example.key
----
+

> NOTE: You can also set `ca.crt` to create truststore. For more information please check xref:operator:ROOT:tls.adoc[TLS].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can also set `ca.crt` to create a truststore. For more information, see xref:operator:ROOT:tls.adoc[TLS].
```
